i can't even remember how we got back to
the room last night
i wasn't taking some photos there's a
video two and a half hours long
see if we can figure out what happened
what are you doing
neil
[Music]
what's on this video is impossible we
watched you snap my neck
we were dosed for something given a
strange drink
gift for celebrated guests
i was dead how am i standing here
you harold's nation
mommy she knows
[Music]
new
is this your first time in scotland my
first time anywhere really
i've never seen anything except through
the movies
oh wow didn't know mel gibson was having
a yard sale
good morning so much more beautiful than
the pictures
annabelle this is claire my fiance and
is your husband here with you
no he passed away a little over a year
ago 20 countries have your 20 favorite
movies it's fascinating i'm just
all about new everything's these days
can you take them because they don't let
dogs in here they're not welcome well
they prefer attractive women but you'll
be fine come on
i'm embarrassed about having to run inn
in a place that used to be my home
so i do the housekeeping as well it's
all your spanx
i don't wear spanx so we better scotty
schumer there
howard there's no water this sorry
excuse for an estate i mean it's
embarrassing do you need some help i'm
gonna
need to remove the petcock can you say
it again petcock and a french accent
maybe
can i have one of your chocolates here
that's not a box of chocolates i'm sorry
that's my husband
you keep a dead husband inside a box of
chocolates you're mad
i'm just kind of sad
i gotta make new memories where the old
ones are gonna
kill me let's get drunk sometimes you're
very cute
you're good-looking as well wow as well
as me i'm still good-looking
you wanted to marry me suddenly feel
differently because this simple little
woman turns up it's not that
simple this is complicated no don't jump
you have to do is to learn how to be
happy again
i think you're probably meant to be here
no i gave up my dreams once for a man
he's different
with you we're just two people trying to
do the best we can do were you saying i
need a haircut
do you need some help oh sure you're
going to come down here in your sexy
pajama top
what are you looking at hey nothing
don't do that he's never seen a woman's
legs before
[Music]
deaths continue to spiral out of control
due to the oxygen crisis that the world
has termed
the sickness last year i had 20 kids in
my class
this year i have 12. ethan white
do you know what your father did here
meet the chronicle what if i told you
that you could save all of us
save your wife we received a message
from the future in the future this is a
phone machine the people who sent the
message must have found a cure
do you really believe i'm going to save
the world you're all me
you may be humanity's only chance to
find their cure
10 9 8
7 6 5
[Applause]
come back to me
whoever sent the message we need to find
it
at the beginning of that can change
everything
you have to trust me now this isn't
about finding a cure anymore something
bigger at play
imagine that we are all connected by the
very fabric of the universe
an invisible field that bonds us
together you
me the stars we can't change anything
it's always going to play out this way
there is no other way
we are all connected through time
seen about saving the world
hey mara this is the guy this is dick
pic dylan ew you sent her a dick pic
no that would be gross he sent me
pictures of richards
that's worse tell me something
just for me first time i saw you jed
tried wrapping his arm around you it was
a good first impression
caitlyn was cute airy hardly a reason to
pop like a zit
what happened caitlyn exploded what like
a bomb
no like a balloon what
will i get these back do you want these
back
in the hell are they gonna let us out of
here when they know it's not gonna
happen again
then what's gonna happen again
it happened again a lot
listen everyone's scared duh duh kids
are literally blowing up
[Music]
i think they're doing tests on us what's
your name for the record please
you can ask my lawyer i have a moment
for you where i knew i liked you
you liked me i'm just so glad i didn't
explode all over you
it's gonna happen to us
school's canceled at least now you can't
say things were so much harder back in
my day
[Music]
you're right you have a way worse
hurricane katrina may extend from
southeast louisiana all the way into
kentucky
of course it's tough you black from the
lower ninth
i ain't no puppet
what's new
you're locked down i don't know how you
do it i don't think it's love man
we got a wife and a son now you won't
have to deal with
this type of assistance the ninth ward
isn't covered
new orleans nothing short of apocalyptic
first they flood
us then they pushing us out this
happened just how they wanted
why don't we talk to your cousin that
dude against him he make me nervous
and what the hell are we we ain't no
gangsters
it's my only option it's one and done
for us all right
we ain't that different
i'm in it for the money
perfectly good tax paying casino was hit
what happened get in the car
you ain't got my money got to walk the
plank we got to figure something out
fast
you got trouble boy
even recognize what you're up against
figure out what is going on
[Music]
was mine long before it was yours
katrina's always been with us
[Music]
just had a bunch of different names
okay one two
three hello this is jack and sue
we are going offline for one whole week
i would love to do something tangible i
want to figure out who i
am but we will be back june 9. no
laptops no phones no connecting to
anything thank you
i've been restoring my grandfather's
cabin upstate actually you all should go
up there i mean
that'll be great yeah we're not checking
our email either guys and we're not
kidding okay bye world okay bye guys
thank you
so nice nice
you're a genius oh
now we'll close our eyes and just feel
each other
okay feel with your brain we don't have
any skills
the urge to take out my phone is very
strong i've been wanting to youtube how
to make a trap to catch a rabbit
so bad shooting stars oh my god
did that one hit the earth
what is that is this one here the whole
time the poof i don't know
probably oh my god what the f
what is happening we need to turn our
phones back on
[Applause]
sorry making a smoothie listen it's
getting weird here in new york
serena hello are you there oh there's
some kind of alien very
dangerous aliens
[Music]
the poof is in the cabinet move on the
what did sean couch say to the hostage
who had a beard i came here to shave you
are we gonna have to shave ourselves
you're actually gonna go to the wood
pile and get the axe i'm gonna go into
the cabin get the grab bags by the door
and then we'll wait back in the car in
the reverse
okay reverse go to the wood pile go back
to the door get the gold bags get
outside even together
are you listening or are you repeating
can't you go to the axe
just one more time
[Music]
so once you get back to new york about a
week
it doesn't open them at the apartment
building where war i'm
not quite as excited as where you've
been that sounds just fine
we'll use the next two days to get you
acclimated get the
weekend off when you come back to work
on monday think you can handle that
i'll do my best
shall we begin
hey what's going on hey who are you i
promise our visit would be
as brief as humanly possible
[Music]
of course boris are you there he
informed me the building would be empty
nothing to worry about i'll handle it
[Music]
he's dead in your necks
what's a decorated soldier doing here as
a doorman
[Music]
it's a bloody
you should rembrandt away now and if you
don't i will take you to hell
we have every reason to believe that
this monster will show up again tonight
[Music]
so
i'm john i'm an alcoholic i've been in
the program now for six years
sober for three this is scary
it's new i never saw a body like that
there's gonna be a lot of late nights in
overtime because of the brutal murder
that happened in town
and i didn't want to set up expectations
that i can't keep our expectations of
you are very
low bands of the bites are gigantic same
as it is the paw prints
it's a wolf or maybe it's a werewolf no
let me just make this perfectly clear
there is no such thing as werewolves
our killer is a guy and i'm gonna find
him and i'm gonna kill
and we're gonna bring him to justice we
have every reason to believe that this
monster will show up again tonight
i won't ask you to pray with me because
of the goddamn
[Music]
where lawyers you where were you john
none of you talked to me once okay
they're saying it's a walt
no it's a man when do i get to be right
about something
do your job i am begging you
you want to be sheriff how about we
[Music]
started
if someone were to say to you and why
what happened all those years ago
had to have happened to you how would
you respond because it was necessary
and do you have any regrets i haven't
done enough to please my mother
which mother
every time i read the name of one of our
boys who lost his life
i have great admiration for them they
defend our progressive
ideas that will free our country from
religious superstitions
[Music]
who are you i come from heaven
who are you talking to
what do you want from us for the
gift i can hear now for
the air we breathe
for them making lies up this is true
mama
she was as real as you are why would the
mother of god choose you
what's so special about you we pray it
could have been the devil
he often disguises himself
i've come for this year
see what you've done you deceived
everyone i have to go
i promised the lady i would go
what back can three little children
possibly do
what is dangerous is what they represent
a huge crowd of people
we need to stop them we came to see our
children
when is this going to end
all you need to say now is i made
everything up
so sorry you couldn't see her
faith begins at the edges of
understanding
morning sweetheart
she's on the roof with smelly okay
mom come down this minute young lady
gina's on the roof
half naked hi gina i'm not a big fat
ginger slapper
[Music]
she used to be really beautiful you know
wild
my dad says she was so full of life
before she got ill i know i'm a crap mum
substitute but
what is it climbing to number 30
the smiths this charming man
complexity when the leather runs smooth
on the passenger side
[Music]
i would go out
got tonight let's turn it down a bit
please love i think she's trying to
sleep
blimey who's that wally
[Music]
dearest morrissey i'm sure you get
hundreds of letters but
i just had to write to you i had such a
strange feeling when i saw you on the
telly
it was like you were singing just to me
your greatest fan alice it's a letter to
morrissey
you think you're right back
i can't bear to think that this is her
for the rest of her life she's like a
big stranded whale i wanted to have fun
again
i just want something to change what
have you done
i've asked to reduce mom's medication
she agreed
can't you find a nice girl who oh
doesn't have a mad mother
my mom's somehow got out of the hospital
[Music]
i hope you didn't get up to anything how
are you feeling
[Music]
1683 please 32 pound 28 please
i'm telling you boys she was my horse
and she won
i haven't seen a media before what's a
resource does he owned
will is he almost lost everything things
are a little
tight cash-wise these days so
yes sirloin cheers
i need something to look forward to when
i get up in the morning
i'm going to breed a resource absolute
madness
it's normally wealthy professionals who
are going for this kind of thing there's
ways of doing these things isn't there
20 people in the village put in a tenner
a week for two years
when the horse is born everyone will be
owners we'll all have an equal share
ah if you lot are good enough to own a
bloody racehorse
so am i it's a 10 at every week kirby
you pillock
oh god we need a name
what about dream alliance is our dream
and we're all in it together
so dream alliance
remember there's a less than one percent
chance this horse will aim away in a
race
he's facing the wrong way if he keeps
going in that direction he'll end up
back in the village
[Music]
he's pretty rough around the edges
he's definitely got something about him
spirit character
like his owner
[Applause]
[Music]
so proud of you seems like anything was
possible
the horse from nowhere has captured the
hearts of the nation
[Music]
we lost our jobs our community even our
pride
and then dream came along and reminded
us what life is like when you were cold
[Music]
hello hello
this is a national crisis we're seeing
bleeding from the eyes
uh screaming find a place to hide and
stay there
it's been 7 16 42 days
i've been alone since day one i'm
running out of everything
i'm losing my mind
hey hi they're in my house
i'm going to get you we're starting to
see people fighting back
we do not encourage this
are you sure it's safe in there yeah
yeah the fridge is pushed up against the
door how could the refrigerator be up
against the door
you're not screaming you're not either
but you got blood there
i cut myself on something who were you
talking to earlier
it was uh me i talked to myself now
[Music]
have you killed anybody yet
if we hold off as long as possible
they'll eventually starve and die
[Music]
i i don't know whether i agree with you
there
anyone who survives will have to be
forgiven unforgivable things
[Music]
cheesy gentlemen
what the devil went wrong out west i
have come to find the devil has a name
you gotta have enough saved up by now to
get a hatch of your own how you can
probably buy a piece of mine
you're looking to sell you're making me
an offer for this
[Music]
hell no for every gallon of crude oil
sucked from this earth comes 15 gallons
of
water no good to any living thing what's
wrong with it besides the fact that it's
radioactive
you're joking is cancer joke
pure oil poisoning by far we can't prove
it was them fred
we need facts they're telling me 50 000
for the whole kitten caboodle
this is a scam he smelled blood you know
what sun zeus said about underestimating
your opponents what's that
don't if you don't drop it mr stern i'm
going to start taking
i ain't going to stop they don't pay me
to stop
we'll be fair to him no you won't
we lose we die
sure oil knew from the start all about
it and did absolutely
nothing but profit it's not just here
tell me you didn't sign that deal how
much right now
everyone's got a price they're trying to
buy me off of
measly five figures could they do it for
six seven you know how much money
they've made poisoning my land
2.1 billion dollars and that's just one
year 2.1 billion
are you kidding me see if this farmer is
successful with this loss
then he has established a precedent it's
going to be open season for all the big
boys
the net present value rule states if you
make more money doing it
than what it would cost if you get
caught doing it continue doing it
america's farmers are killing themselves
in record numbers
you like where you're going
i'm not gonna be able to get away with
this anymore
said the indian to the cavalry
every time i go to a chinese restaurant
all of my friends they're like
will order a mandarin bro they gotta
hook it up i'm like bro
win panda express her name text says
consuela on it i don't think that's a
mandarin name
[Music]
look at the road ahead of me right now
and it's in a cubicle selling things i
don't believe it
don't stop don't stop believing hanford
california's stephen perry journey
the only silver lining is i can't
possibly hang myself in a cubicle
yo pennsylvania improv asked me if i
could recommend
a comic last minute i said you he said
great oh wow guess who's headlining
billy gee
one two three and an improv
that's a big deal if you want to make
this more than a one-time thing
make the audience laugh i've been a
little bit of a bummer lately
and my girlfriend said if i was a city i
would be like seattle
what is he doing or you know
who is this this is willy's emceeing
this weekend super funny guy
so will what's going on in your world so
i'm from ohio
oh come on well originally i was from
kansas that's not funny either
maybe stand-up is just not really in the
cards you know yeah you bummed
bombed hard too your ass should be on
the tsa watch list
i'm not like the macho guy like i'm
really good-looking
if you're into anime
[Music]
the thing about stand up is that you
have a chance
to be better today than you was
yesterday
now ladies and gentlemen
[Music]
[Applause]
i always told you that my family wasn't
in the war
it's not true what are you talking about
we were sleeping when some german
soldiers found us
they did horrible things to the women
worse than you can imagine we just moved
here from virginia
what's the likelihood that a guy that
attacked you halfway around the world
15 years ago he ends up two blocks away
lewis he's in the trunk
of our car
why are you doing this you don't
remember me your name is carl
i don't know who you're confusing me
with but i'm not in
i remember your whistle your vocals up
you hit me
i was never in the war he even looked
the same to you
yes his eyes i will never forget those
eyes i'm not german enough swiss i have
documents to prove it
we need to be certain i am soon i need
to be certain too
victims of trauma sometimes remember the
smallest details perfect
other times they become confused
we have to release it you don't believe
me
what do you want
i want him to confess
we're gonna get caught
why are you taking care of him he's
right you must know something
we have to put an end to this there's
so much
i know what happens in the oval office
and that's what scares me
i come at this from a very unique
perspective
not just having been a journalist but
also having worked
for two different presidents okay folks
pete was with the president all the time
unlike his predecessor mr trump does not
allow his staff photographer
to capture photographs of life and work
inside the white house if you just
stacked up the images of the obama
presidency
and the trump presidency you would see
the two stories of america in this
darkest possible
contrast the job of the chief official
white house photographer
is to make authentic photographs
photographs break down the idea that
these people are somehow different from
us
i've got an idea for another picture
didn't get that piece yeah
the first time that we went to the u.n
he and reggie love played basketball
at one point president obama blocks
reggie's shot and he goes
did you get that block history
when barack obama was elected i could
see
what he meant to the african-american
community this five-year-old kid asked
obama
is my haircut just like yours president
obama bent over and let that kid touch
his head in his hand that image stands
for how
kids will see themselves differently
forever
i thought who is this man how does he
deal with crisis
leadership character and empathy
don't you wish we had that now when i
first met pete
his politics were not at all evident he
changed
he could no longer be this fly on the
wall
pete souza is getting attention online
with replies to president trump's tweets
i had to speak out i knew how the job
should be done
pete felt the urgency to show what the
office can be
this was a 9-1-1
reagan and obama respected the dignity
of the office
the presidency is a serious job
and i was going to do everything i could
to make sure people didn't forget that
do you have a picture for every single
thing that donald trump has lied about
with barack obama pretty much
the entire world is a collection of
memoranda that she did exist
and that i have lost her this is our
story
tessa's and mine
we're like an addiction to each other
with equal parts pleasure and pain
you hurt me and i can't forgive you
tessa i want another chance
[Music]
i'll try whatever it takes harden's your
son
but he is not without his challenges
[Music]
is he sorry
can you hold the elevator please
tessa welcome to vance publishing she
makes quite the impression
wow
i didn't peg you as a bad boy type let
me ask you this are you in love with him
you're never gonna trust me trust you
where has that ever
gotten me i thought that things were
getting better
but i don't know how to fix it
there is no you're tessa anymore
whatever our souls are made of his and
mine are the same
there's no one else for me tessa no one
[Applause]
[Music]
you get the truck come back with the
money that's
2.5 million dollars per head
[Music]
if you come back alive
from tile
[Music]
oh
foreign
[Music]
okay all right let's do this i know it
feels
fast but it's nice isn't it
to have a family unit come on in and
meet the boys they're really excited to
meet you
how you feeling about school you can
meet some new friends
i know why the caged bird sings
wow that is super nasty
all right enough settle down
[Music]
hey it happens to everyone he's made us
all cry at one point or another
you should come over after school
[Music]
what is all this this is a ceremony
to celebrate you
why would you celebrate me because
you're out fourth
just in time for first period
this is all just a little crazy half the
battle of having powers is believing you
do
that's why covens have always been
important
[Music]
if we can do that what else can we do
we need to put a spell on timmy we don't
want to hurt him though right
she's right the number one rule of the
craft
if a person is a danger to herself or
others
they will be bound
i was starting to get a little worried
sorry i was just hanging out with my
friends
we've gone too far was this just like
some game to you
[Applause]
i feel different
be careful a lot of weirdos out here we
are the weirdos mister
[Music]
you